The following program is called Student Advisor Assistant. This program allows the entry of many text files 
that stores information locally.

A student can register online, and when they register for a class their information will be stored in a text file.

The program is in the form of a website. HTML, CSS, and PHP, are used to manage a login system, and a file search and update system.

Once a student is registered, a profile is created, and they have the option of registering for classes, and removing classes.
The classes they register for or choose to delete will be read from a text file, the text file will also be updated as changes
in the website are made.

Courses can be added by an administrator in the "courses" folder.
Courses in the folder need to have a signigicant name in order to be read by the program.

A students account is located in the "account" folder.
An Administrator can open a students account file, and edit a students account
to add courses. However, the format of the account text files needs to remain the same.

Also, the program will generate a new account for each user upon registring
Currently, new, registered students do not have displayed any courses they have taken
Since they are transitioning students. 
An Administrator needs to manually edit the new student's courses so that they can appear
in their profile when they log in. Other wise a new student will have no classes to display.

The current administrator account currently has a security issue, but will be fixed. This is 
because an administrators page will display all of a students information, including passwords
and usernames.

***Currently the login page does not navigate to the profile page upon successful login
*** however, the profile page will appear, that is the sign that login was successfful.
Accounts that are already existing:

----------Students------------
username:Perfect
password:1010

username: JuanB
password:123

username: HectorL
password:159

-----------Administrator------------
*** Remember to switch to Login as: faculty
username:admin
password:admin123




